They may process big data files.
Some of the rows can easily broken.
They might have missing fields or have data
that's malformed or incorrect in some other unexpected way.
By Spark [inaudible] missing data fairly well.
Populating these fields with nulls.
This also applies if you try to do something with a missing field, nulls remain nulls.
Let's see what happens if you try to the file
that has records that don't conform to the schema.
A new field corrupt record has a period.
This is the same input file that we used before.
It just has a few broken records.
Then, we load it.
We see that we got this corrupted record column showing up.
In this first example,
it's value is none.
In the second record is the same.
So let's try to find a corrupt record.
To do that, I'm just filtering the logs3 data frame to see where is this column NotNull.
All right. We got a record.
So it looks like that the corrupt record field contains
everything and all of the other columns have a non-value.
It looks like that this record has a string value without quotes as its timestamp.
The trial is the JSON format.
That's why it became corrupted record.
We just couldn't read it.
It's reassuring that completely broken records are not part of our data set.
We might want to have a higher quality standard.
For example, just because a string is properly coded,
it still should not be used as a timestamp.
All of the other values in this column are of type long.
In the next video,
we will see how to get the check in place,
and see how many records don't confirm to some sort of rule we want to enforce.